docs: Document custom types (#3603)
litestar-org/litestar: docs/usage/custom-types.rst

> Custom types
> =============

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom types
============
```

Data serialization / deserialization (encoding / decoding) and validation are important parts of any API framework.

> Among others, litestar supports Python's builtin dataclasses, Pydantic and msgspec for these tasks, defaulting to msgspec with json as serialization protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among others, Litestar supports Python's built-in dataclasses, Pydantic, and msgspec for these tasks, defaulting to msgspec with JSON as the serialization protocol.
```

> Among others, litestar supports Python's builtin dataclasses, Pydantic and msgspec for these tasks, defaulting to msgspec with json as serialization protocol.

Reviewer 2: I don't think "defaulting to msgspec" is the correct phrasing here. Litestar only uses msgspec for serialisation to JSON. It *can* integrate with Pydantic and others, but doesn't use those to encode anything to JSON directly; It all goes through msgspec eventually.

I'm not sure msgspec needs to be mentioned in this part of the documentation in general, as it's more of an implementation detail. We *should* mention that that's how it works, but perhaps we can find a better place for that
